today's iPhone application for march
sixth on the app counters an exciting
adventure fairy tale type game called
Simon the sorcerer to the lion the
wizard in the wardrobe just when he
thought his life was regaining some
semblance of normality Simon's Wonder
Years are once again turned upside down
when the evil wizard sorted returns from
the grave with only one thing on his
mind revenge
Zords fortress of doom is reconstructed
and sorted has a new robotic body he
sends a magical wardrobe to fetch Simon
but it accidentally ends up on the
doorstep of Calypso the wizard Simon had
to save in the last game Simon then
starts to look for fuel called mu
crusade which he then needs to power the
Wardrobe to get back home journey with
Simon did this inevitable sequel to the
best-selling Simon the sorcerer which is
also available in the App Store as he
manages once again to get stuck in a
land of twisted fairy tales at recycled
gags and carbon dated cliches with a
cast of thousands mostly would warm
enough swampy stew to keep an
unprivileged country sick for a year
this classic adventure will keep you
well entertained until the next sequel
is released based on the ultra famous
computer game Simon in the sorcerer 2 is
now back on the iphone and ipod touch
and for a cheap price of a dollar
ninety-nine in the App Store enabling
the subtitles and voices only is very
simple with this game and be sure to
check out all the other versions
including german spanish french english
hebrew italian and more
if you're looking for an intriguing
adventure game Simon the sorcerer CH 2
is the one for you please be sure to
check out the previous version Simon the
sorcerer one as well as all the various
different language versions as well this
has been Jonathan with app calendar calm
and I hope you guys have a great day